Madam, what are you doing?
What if I hit him?
Why don't you ask him what he did?
Madam, no matter what Nian Nian did
You can't even hit him
He is Lin Hong
You are such a dutiful person
How to give birth
Out of Lin Niannian, a woman with unclean hands and feet
Ah, Miss Tang
What do you mean?
That's not nonsense.
If you miss him, you can talk nonsense.
The jewelry necklace designed by our Xueqin is lost.
Who else would steal from you besides him?
That's right, you are the most suspected
It's just that I already suspected him
Dawdling and finally reaching the living room
It turned out to be stealing something.
Ming Nian is not a thief
Don't talk nonsense
Is he a thief devalued on the side?
Someone search for me
you
How can the sins of the royal family be selfless?
Don't you just want to make things difficult for us?
So righteous
Ling Rannian, how did you talk to my mother?
Mom?